Update FAQ (#1006)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: yammer/manage-yammer-users/office-365-sign-in.md

  
## How do I enable Office 365 sign-in for Yammer?

> Yammer will detect when an Azure AD account exists for a user and use Office 365 sign-in for Yammer. It's strongly recommended that admins [Enforce Office 365 identity for Yammer users](../configure-your-yammer-network/enforce-office-365-identity.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yammer will detect when an Azure AD account exists for a user and use Office 365 sign-in for Yammer. We strongly recommend that admins [Enforce Office 365 identity for Yammer users](../configure-your-yammer-network/enforce-office-365-identity.md).
```
